hi girls and guys I hope you are
super good because today I bring you the
second part of my collection of
necklaces of what I'm doing of my
accessories that told me that they
would like to see and well these are like
my necklaces that are colorful or something
well more or less
and then I'm going to start the first one
I have is this one that is super colorful is
of cubes and balls I love it
stretches and good has many colors
I really like it a lot and I can not
give a reference of where I bought it because
I really bought it ago too
weather
the next one that I have is this
which is equal to stars with
Various colors
this is if I'm not wrong I bought it
in a position that was out there makes
a lot of time then I do not remember how much
it cost me because I had a stage of
obsess with multicolored necklaces
and well there he buys many of these
this is just how badly safar
but it's good that way only that obvious closed
here is not just safar but that chair
different figurines and colors and everything
I also bought it a long time ago
so I could not tell you exactly
how much did it cost me or anything
the next one is this
I know some of the ones I have too
they gave them to me but frankly not
I remember the provenance of many but
good is like that with little stars and little balls
of colors and I also love
the next one is this one that is colored
coffee is like a little bag and they are
balls from very large to more
little girls this was a gift because my
and aunt had had them as already
said several necklaces and gave me one is
because she was not going to use them anymore
because it hurt him in something like that and
then I loved them and I stayed
with enough
and this is one of those also this
I do not remember if I bought it in a
three pesos store but good is like that
same of various colors
the following is this that was a gift
already has a good time and it's pink there
looks pink
I love it here like ice cubes
and some little balls and it's also like rose
here
and has some matching earrings but
I'll show that to you later
This necklace that fascinates me is green
so this little ball then has hanging
this and more things like that
I like good and this was also
those that my aunt gave me
the next thing is this purple that is
quite long and that is how they will see
and this was also a gift from me
aunt
then I have this one that I think also
it was one of those was a gift
and this is how it has as many pebbles of
colors like that in different ways and
I also love the following is
similar but this one in coffee with black
This is super short but good
I also like it a lot
then I have this
which is like transparent and black or
black and white depends as you see
and the truth is that I love it too and
it was a gift
then I have this
I already know that he loosened up here but
good is purple with black
and this was given to me by my dad
then I have this that was also a
gift from my aunt and that yes transparent
with this I have a matching bracelet but
the same after they were taught
then I have this one that I think I bought
in a store of three pesos but not
I'm sure I am pink and here
hearts of many colors
and I loved it also has earrings but
you'll see them later and the last one
gave my godmother and is purple and this is
part is black also has earrings
equal to this but in earrings
and good the truth is that I love
as well
and the last one that I'm going to teach you that if
I'm not mistaken it was a gift from me
granny
is this that is like a little yellow angel
so with this equal yellow
and I also like it a lot
and well I think those were already all
my necklaces I hope they follow
liking the videos I make of my
accessories comment me what do you think and
all that and well we'll see each other in the
next bye